# BritishAirways
British Airways (BA) is the flag carrier airline of the United Kingdom (UK). Every day, thousands of BA flights arrive to and depart from the UK, carrying customers across the world. Whether it’s for holidays, work or any other reason, the end-to-end process of scheduling, planning, boarding, fuelling, transporting, landing, and continuously running flights on time, efficiently and with top-class customer service is a huge task with many highly important responsibilities. Customers who book a flight with BA will experience many interaction points with the BA brand. Understanding a customer's feelings, needs, and feedback is crucial for any business, including BA. This first task is focused on scraping and collecting customer feedback and reviewing data from a third-party source and analysing this data to present any insights you may uncover.

Customers are more empowered than ever because they have access to a wealth of information at their fingertips. This is one of the reasons the buying cycle is very different to what it used to be. Today, if you’re hoping that a customer purchases your flights or holidays as they come into the airport, you’ve already lost! Being reactive in this situation is not ideal; airlines must be proactive in order to acquire customers before they embark on their holiday.

This is possible with the use of data and predictive models. The most important factor with a predictive model is the quality of the data you use to train the machine learning algorithms. For this task, you must manipulate and prepare the provided customer booking data so that you can build a high-quality predictive model.

With your predictive model, it is important to interpret the results in order to understand how “predictive” the data really was and whether we can feasibly use it to predict the target outcome (customers buying holidays). Therefore, you should evaluate the model's performance and output how each variable contributes to the predictive model's power.

When your data is ready for modelling, you should train a machine learning model to be able to predict the target outcome, which is a customer making a booking. For this task, you should use an algorithm that easily allows you to output information about how each variable within the model contributes to its predictive power. For example, a RandomForest is very good for this purpose.

Evaluate model and present findingsAfter training your model, you should evaluate how well it performed by conducting cross-validation and outputting appropriate evaluation metrics. Furthermore, you should create a visualisation to interpret how each variable contributed to the model.
